<b>5. Access to Information; Objection to Information Collection and Retention</b>

Please contact our Privacy Director as provided in Section 6 if you would like to access the personal information that we have collected on your account, correct factual errors in such information, or request to have this information deleted. The deletion of data may lead to termination of your Tipitap account and future use of the Products may be disabled or inhibited. Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect you and your children's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain.

<b>6. Contact Us</b>

If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an email with your questions or comments to support@tipitap.com or write us:

<b>Tipitap Inc.</b>
Attention Privacy Department
Box 15211606
Sioux Falls, SD 57186

Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.

<b>7. Effective Date; Changes to Privacy Policy</b>

By accessing the Services, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as explained in this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Services and Products and any information you provide through the Services or Products is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

The most current version of this Privacy Policy is effective as of the date of last modification set forth below, and applies to all information previously obtained by Tipitap. We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at our sole discretion. Tipitap users will be informed of any such change by us posting a new Privacy Policy on the Tipitap website and the effective date of any change of Privacy Policy will be clearly marked. As required by law, we will not use personal information in ways that are materially different from the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent to any such different uses. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Please note that you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current email address at all times. In the event that the last email address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our sending of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of any change described in the notice.

Date of Last Modification: <b>September 20, 2013</b>. 
